You're also not limited to interacting with the request in an interceptor,
you can also interact with the response.
You do this by adding something here to handle because handle actually gives you an observable, which
I guess makes sense because in the end, your request is an observable to which you subscribe in the end.
So this in the end is the request with the response in it
you could say, wrapped into an observable and therefore here, you can of course add pipe and do something
with the response if you want to.
You could add the map operator here, to change the response for example, of course you should be careful
with that and not change it in a way that the rest of your application breaks
or what I'll do here,
you use tap which you need to import from rxjs/operators to simply look into the response. Now here
in tap, you get an event and that's important,
you always get events here.
Remember I showed you that you can observe different kinds of responses with the Angular
HttpClient, no matter what you chose there,
here in the interceptor,
you always get an event so that you have the most granular access to the response you could possibly
have.
So here for example, we could check if the event type is equal to the HTTP event type which you
also need to import, of response, because here maybe I only care about that response,
I will log the event before that however, so that we can see all events
we got and then in here, we could say response arrived, body data and then simply console log the event body
which here is the response body of course.
Now here again, I'm just doing some logging but as I just mentioned, you could use other operators like
map here and even transform the response, that would be possible.
So now if we save that and we go back and we have a look at the console, we see a bunch of output there.
Let me clear that to make it a bit easier and fetch posts again
and now you see request is on its way,
then we have type 0 which is this,
the request is now sent event.
Then we got the response,
therefore we now got that response arrived log and there indeed, we now see the response body being
log because that is what I'm doing here.
So this is possible too,
you can not just interact with the request inside of your interceptor,
you can also interact with the response if you want to.
You can log it, you can manipulate it, whatever your requirements are.